I always struggle with those tests when it comes to choosing architecture for test asigments like this.
On one hand, it is said to show "your best", on the other it seems wasteful and pointless to create
elaborate architecture for such a small project.
If I got a task like this on the job I would create quick and dirty, no addressables, no fancy packages,
written in a way that allows quick decoupling if prototype will be moved to production.

I decided to go with with light version of the architecture I designed for one of my last projects,
there are things missing from it, there are things that I wanted to test and never had a chance. So
in a way it is messier than my normal work, but in the end I wanted to show my thought process and
patterns that I commonly use.

Biggest struggle was the new Input System, I never used it in serious project and I struggled through
the whole assignment how to integrate it into the architecture. As I am writing this I realized that
best way would be to create an Input module and Service that would act as a thin wrapper around the
class generated by Unity.

Main building block of this architecture are assembly definitions and concept of modules.
Each module has one public service that can be accessed via locator pattern, completely separated 
blackbox that doesn't require user to understand anything about how it works.
This project contains two assemblies per module, one containing public interfaces and Implementation 
meant for internal classes.
Usually I would also add Models assembly for data structures that might be shared between modules due
to minimal complexity of the assigment I decided to skip that part of architecture.
Communication between modules and between business and visual layers is handled with events stores in
static 'Events' class. Once again it was decision lead by KISS principal, of course event bus can
be created and for communication between Visual and business layers MVVM/MVVMP inspired pattern can
be implemented, but in the what is the point of such patterns in project so small.

Project can be tested from Gameplay Scene and initial entry point for the whole flow is Bootstrapper
object that is responsible for handling cold start of the project and setting up scene specific modules.

Honestly I have no idea if code contains any bugs, I didn't encounter any game breaking bugs and all
questionable choices I tried to highlight in comments and normally I would pick brain of a colleague 
about them.

One thing I regret is not having time and energy to implement main menu as a little extra to show
scene switching and provide smoother entrance point to the whole application.
I used AI to research API I have forgotten or wasn't sure anout, but code is written fully by myself.
# Controls

W - thrust
AD - rotating the ship
Space - fire

# OSS

## Assets

- Simple Space Created/distributed by Kenney (www.kenney.nl) CC0

